December 2023 Release Notes (#6881)
organicmaps/organicmaps: iphone/metadata/en-US/release_notes.txt

> We and our contributors have prepared several Christmas/New Year presents for you:

Author: Will change to ...We have prepared

• Outdoors map style for hiking, cycling, and exploring the Nature

> • Search for addr:place village addresses without streets in Austria, Czechia, Germany, Poland, Slovakia

Author: That is a hint for OSMers.

• Type "skiing" or "ski run" in the search to find downhill and Nordic pistes
• OpenStreetMap map data as of December 13
• Added a button to see photos, reviews, and prices for some hotels. Every booking made through the app contributes to the development of the project!

Other notable fixes and improvements:
• Fixed several crashes and freezing on iOS 12, 13, 14
• Multiple KML files can be imported from a single KMZ file
• A credit card is displayed for places with ATM

> • A dollar emoji is displayed where a fee is requred

Reviewer: should add that its displayed in the POI info sheet / PP only

Author: Thanks, will rephrase.

• Prettified websites in Place Page
• "Zoom in to see isolines" message does not cover buttons
• CarPlay search button now properly shows search results
• Improved user interface for the Search on iPad
• Added Singapore metro icon and fixed Porto metro icon
• Added Hackerspace

> • Fixed leisure garden areas

Reviewer: ```suggestion
• Fixed residential leisure garden area fills disappearing on some zoom levels
```

> • Consistent displaying of house numbers on zoom 17

Reviewer: ```suggestion
• Display house numbers regardless of buildings' sizes on zoom 17
```
"consistent/inconsistent" is too vague and subjective
